So welcome back here, we have a chicken
Supreme with the skin on.
And I'm going to show you
how to take the tender off and actually
re-stuff it back into the breast
to make it a little more plump and juicy.
So here we have the skin on
and we can, for this purpose,
take the skin off.
It's just as easy as just holding it down
and pulling the skin right off.
And you can keep this skin
to make a schmaltz.
Trim that off.
Well, keep that in my fridge.
So if you look at the actual breast
at the moment,
you'll see a thick part here
and a thin part here.
And if you look at the actual chicken
tenderloin, you'll see the same thing.
If you look closely,
there's a thick part and a thin part.
So what I like to do is I take my knife
and I'm going to make an incision
in the back end where the bone starts
and I want to create a pocket.
So just make a small incision
and with your knife carefully.
Don't try.
Don't poke out of the flesh
that defeats the purpose.
And once you create that pocket,
you are going to take this chicken tender
and you're going to put it in the pocket.
So this is the thick part.
It's going to go to the thin part,
and the thin part here will go to
the thick part here.
There's a little pocket that I made.
And I'm going to open up the pocket,
and I'm going to put that right in.
And we'd like to close it up,
and of course, you can use other things
other than the tender, you can use
spinach and ricotta,
you can use some pine nuts and cream
cheese or any other kind of stuffing
that you might
think about to add.
But there you go.
You have a nice, plump, juicy breast.
And you actually are
using the tenderloin as well.